# GENERATOR CalibrationDetectionRegression
# (file name) (truth error 50%) (truth error 95%) (truth error 100%)
border/image00000.jpg                0.2348  0.3541  0.4894
border/image00001.jpg                0.2321  0.3905  0.6379
border/image00002.jpg                0.2223  0.4536  0.5605
border/image00003.jpg                0.1526  0.3952  0.6669
border/image00004.jpg                0.2055  0.4134  0.4809
border/image00005.jpg                0.2288  0.3816  0.5933
border/image00006.jpg                0.2882  0.5867  0.9595
border/image00007.jpg                detection_failed
border/image00008.jpg                detection_failed
border/image00009.jpg                0.4519  0.7084  0.8742
border/image00010.jpg                0.3476  0.6837  0.8903
border/image00011.jpg                0.4492  0.8068  1.1089
border/image00012.jpg                0.4120  1.0815  1.3928
border/image00013.jpg                detection_failed
border/image00014.jpg                0.4302  0.6527  0.8956
border/image00015.jpg                0.5415  0.7632  1.4942
caltech_edges/Image01.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image02.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image03.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image04.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image05.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image06.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image07.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image08.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image09.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image10.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image11.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image12.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image13.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image14.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image15.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image16.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image17.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image18.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image19.jpg            detection_failed
caltech_edges/Image20.jpg            detection_failed
challenge/image001.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image002.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image003.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image004.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image005.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image006.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image007.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image008.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image009.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image010.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image011.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image012.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image013.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image014.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image015.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image016.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image017.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image018.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image019.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image020.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image021.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image022.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image023.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image024.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image025.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image026.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image027.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image028.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image029.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image030.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image031.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image032.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image033.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image034.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image035.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image036.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image037.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image038.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image039.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image041.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image043.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image044.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image045.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image046.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image047.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image048.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image049.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image050.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image052.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image053.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image054.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image055.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image056.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image057.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image058.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image059.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image060.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image061.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image062.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image063.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image064.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image065.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image066.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image067.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image068.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image069.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image070.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image071.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image072.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image073.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image074.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image076.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image077.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image078.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image079.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image081.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image082.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image083.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image084.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image085.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image086.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image089.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image090.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image092.jpg               detection_failed
challenge/image093.jpg               detection_failed
close/image00.jpg                    0.4189  0.8063  1.0848
close/image01.jpg                    0.4356  0.6839  0.8944
close/image02.jpg                    0.4798  0.8528  1.2638
close/image03.jpg                    0.5731  0.9529  1.0363
close/image04.jpg                    0.2717  0.8882  0.9406
close/image05.jpg                    0.3912  0.7648  0.9234
close/image06.jpg                    0.4751  0.6523  0.7987
close/image07.jpg                    0.4084  0.6982  1.0646
close/image08.jpg                    0.4182  0.7762  0.8306
close/image09.jpg                    0.4928  0.9548  1.3572
close/image10.jpg                    0.4325  0.7618  0.8883
close/image11.jpg                    0.5365  0.8360  0.8975
deltille_fisheye/0000.png            0.2998  0.5866  0.9615
deltille_fisheye/0001.png            0.3016  0.5684  0.8559
deltille_fisheye/0002.png            0.2899  0.4959  0.8432
deltille_fisheye/0003.png            0.2382  0.4927  0.9135
deltille_fisheye/0004.png            0.2647  0.4753  0.6380
deltille_fisheye/0005.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0006.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0007.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0008.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0009.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0010.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0011.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0012.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0013.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0014.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0015.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0016.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0017.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0018.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0019.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0020.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0021.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0022.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0035.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0036.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0037.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0038.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0039.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0040.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0085.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0102.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0107.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0113.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0139.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0140.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0158.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0159.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0160.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0184.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0185.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0187.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0188.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0189.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0190.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0217.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0219.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0220.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0222.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0223.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0224.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0228.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0229.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0230.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0231.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0234.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0236.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0253.png            detection_failed
deltille_fisheye/0254.png            detection_failed
distance_angle/image01.jpg           0.2097  0.4745  0.6294
distance_angle/image02.jpg           0.2180  0.3609  0.4825
distance_angle/image03.jpg           0.2354  0.4627  0.5746
distance_angle/image04.jpg           0.1828  0.2975  0.4338
distance_angle/image05.jpg           0.2017  0.3725  0.4563
distance_angle/image06.jpg           detection_failed
distance_straight/image00.jpg        0.2527  0.4165  0.4631
distance_straight/image01.jpg        0.2174  0.4213  0.4994
distance_straight/image02.jpg        0.1387  0.2971  0.3594
distance_straight/image03.jpg        0.2562  0.3873  0.5275
distance_straight/image04.jpg        0.1785  0.3978  0.4606
distance_straight/image05.jpg        0.2340  0.3879  0.4581
distance_straight/image06.jpg        0.1839  0.3624  0.6218
distance_straight/image07.jpg        0.2232  0.4860  0.6040
distant/image00000.jpg               0.2348  0.4253  0.4813
distant/image00001.jpg               0.2184  0.2639  0.3097
distant/image00002.jpg               0.2053  0.2887  0.3377
distant/image00003.jpg               0.2003  0.3097  0.4959
distant/image00004.jpg               0.1944  0.3483  0.4201
distant/image00005.jpg               0.2450  0.6643  1.0171
distant/image00006.jpg               0.1852  0.3585  0.4598
focus/image01.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image02.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image03.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image04.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image05.jpg                    0.6493  1.2044  1.3139
focus/image06.jpg                    0.7461  1.4951  1.7660
focus/image07.jpg                    0.6025  1.0014  1.3748
focus/image08.jpg                    0.3789  0.8382  1.2305
focus/image09.jpg                    0.3683  0.8627  1.0153
focus/image10.jpg                    0.3159  0.5054  0.5546
focus/image11.jpg                    0.1994  0.4164  0.6128
focus/image12.jpg                    0.2625  0.3782  0.3972
focus/image13.jpg                    0.2377  0.4070  0.5988
focus/image14.jpg                    0.1828  0.3806  0.4378
focus/image15.jpg                    0.1815  0.2889  0.4947
focus/image16.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image17.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image18.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image19.jpg                    0.9758  2.1875  3.0821
focus/image20.jpg                    0.7833  1.5144  2.4000
focus/image21.jpg                    0.5622  1.2275  1.8810
focus/image22.jpg                    0.4529  0.7496  0.8781
focus/image23.jpg                    0.2661  0.5114  0.6729
focus/image24.jpg                    0.3571  0.5005  0.6608
focus/image25.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image26.jpg                    detection_failed
focus/image27.jpg                    0.7899  1.4343  1.6198
focus/image28.jpg                    0.7797  1.3413  1.4471
focus/image29.jpg                    0.5369  0.8796  0.9654
focus/image30.jpg                    0.4889  0.9496  1.0695
focus/image31.jpg                    0.3397  0.6235  0.6938
focus/image32.jpg                    0.2882  0.5200  0.6828
focus/image33.jpg                    0.3633  0.5593  0.8307
focus/image34.jpg                    0.2457  0.7163  0.7420
focus/image35.jpg                    0.2524  0.4366  0.5564
focus/image36.jpg                    0.1889  0.3915  0.4055
focus_large/image00.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image01.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image02.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image03.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image04.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image05.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image06.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image07.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image08.jpg              detection_failed
focus_large/image09.jpg              2.2811  4.4918  6.8652
focus_large/image10.jpg              1.8715  4.2778  5.4122
focus_large/image11.jpg              1.4064  2.9213  4.2487
focus_large/image12.jpg              1.7907  3.2853  4.5416
focus_large/image13.jpg              0.7912  1.6954  1.8039
focus_large/image14.jpg              0.3521  0.6775  0.8711
focus_large/image15.jpg              0.2194  0.4088  0.5418
gaus_fisheye/fisheye00.png           0.6833  0.9238  1.0753
gaus_fisheye/fisheye01.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye02.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye03.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye04.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye05.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye06.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye07.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye08.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye09.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye10.png           detection_failed
gaus_fisheye/fisheye11.png           detection_failed
gaus_perfect/perfect00.png           0.0239  0.0353  0.0403
gaus_perfect/perfect01.png           0.0137  0.0730  0.0778
gaus_perfect/perfect02.png           0.0331  0.0506  0.0590
gaus_perfect/perfect03.png           0.0502  0.1088  0.1404
gaus_perfect/perfect04.png           0.0351  0.4220  0.4751
gaus_perfect/perfect05.png           0.0682  0.3529  0.4522
gaus_perfect/perfect06.png           0.3555  0.5525  0.9678
gaus_perfect/perfect07.png           detection_failed
gaus_perfect/perfect08.png           detection_failed
gaus_perfect/perfect09.png           detection_failed
gaus_perfect/perfect10.png           detection_failed
gaus_perfect/perfect11.png           detection_failed
hard/image01.jpg                     0.2075  0.4021  0.4593
large/large00.jpg                    0.2810  0.7538  1.3014
large/large01.jpg                    0.2682  0.5312  0.6377
large/large02.jpg                    0.4383  0.7209  1.0145
large/large03.jpg                    0.2821  0.4571  0.4758
large/large04.jpg                    0.3415  0.5161  0.5669
large/large05.jpg                    0.3108  0.6794  0.9397
large_shadow/image01.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image02.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image03.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image04.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image05.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image06.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image07.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image08.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image09.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image10.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image11.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image12.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image13.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image14.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image15.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image16.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image17.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image18.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image19.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image20.jpg             0.3723  0.7582  0.8818
large_shadow/image21.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image22.jpg             detection_failed
large_shadow/image23.jpg             detection_failed
motion_blur/image00000.jpg           0.3673  0.6924  1.1960
motion_blur/image00001.jpg           0.4193  0.6684  0.9686
motion_blur/image00002.jpg           0.6024  1.3822  1.9911
motion_blur/image00003.jpg           0.5377  1.2941  1.9299
motion_blur/image00004.jpg           0.3853  0.8467  0.9909
motion_blur/image00005.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00006.jpg           0.4694  1.0028  1.3868
motion_blur/image00007.jpg           0.4008  0.7328  0.8115
motion_blur/image00008.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00009.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00010.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00011.jpg           0.3854  0.6135  0.7653
motion_blur/image00012.jpg           0.3920  1.0334  1.0813
motion_blur/image00013.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00014.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00015.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00016.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00017.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00018.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00019.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00020.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00021.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00022.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00023.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00024.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00025.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00026.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00027.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00028.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00029.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00030.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00031.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00032.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00033.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00034.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00035.jpg           detection_failed
motion_blur/image00036.jpg           0.6539  1.2588  1.3875
motion_blur/image00037.jpg           detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg1.jpg   0.2661  0.4682  0.6210
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg2.jpg   0.3825  0.7297  0.8601
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg3.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg4.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg5.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg6.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg7.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_fisheye190/Fisheye190deg8.jpg   detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni01.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni02.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni03.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni04.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni05.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni06.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni07.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni08.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni09.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni10.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni11.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni12.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni13.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni14.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni15.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni16.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_kaidan_omni/KaidanOmni17.jpg    detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug1.jpg            0.4204  0.6576  0.8457
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug10.jpg           detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug11.jpg           detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug12.jpg           detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug13.jpg           0.3474  0.8039  0.9493
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug2.jpg            detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug3.jpg            detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug4.jpg            detection_failed
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug5.jpg            0.4017  0.9281  1.2924
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug6.jpg            0.4382  0.7164  0.9131
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug7.jpg            0.4782  0.8705  0.9323
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug8.jpg            0.5334  0.8764  0.9869
ocam_ladybug/Ladybug9.jpg            detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni01.jpg        0.2877  0.5324  0.6602
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni02.jpg        0.3486  0.7464  0.8983
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni03.jpg        0.2875  0.5398  1.0090
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni04.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni05.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni06.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni07.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni08.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni09.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni10.jpg        0.3659  0.8364  1.3865
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni11.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni12.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni13.jpg        0.3515  0.6344  3.0729
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni14.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_mini_omni/MiniOmni15.jpg        detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni01.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni02.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni03.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni04.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni05.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni06.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni07.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni08.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni09.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni10.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni11.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni12.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni13.jpg                 detection_failed
ocam_omni/omni14.jpg                 detection_failed
perfect/image00.png                  0.0000  0.0000  0.0000
perfect/image01.png                  0.0000  0.0000  0.0000
perfect/image02.png                  0.0000  0.0000  0.0000
perfect/image03.png                  0.0000  0.0000  0.0000
perfect/image04.png                  detection_failed
perfect/image05.png                  detection_failed
perfect/image06.png                  detection_failed
perfect/image07.png                  detection_failed
ricoh_theta_5/image00.jpg            0.3785  0.5923  0.6290
ricoh_theta_5/image01.jpg            0.7160  1.0929  1.4531
ricoh_theta_5/image02.jpg            1.0370  1.3165  1.7647
ricoh_theta_5/image03.jpg            0.6284  0.9624  1.1567
ricoh_theta_5/image04.jpg            0.4232  0.6467  0.8392
ricoh_theta_5/image05.jpg            0.2713  0.5769  0.7580
ricoh_theta_5/image06.jpg            0.5307  0.9368  1.2108
ricoh_theta_5/image07.jpg            0.5650  1.0636  1.2937
ricoh_theta_5/image08.jpg            0.3587  0.5729  0.9222
ricoh_theta_5/image09.jpg            0.2782  0.4917  0.5231
ricoh_theta_5/image10.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image00.jpg            0.3076  0.6136  0.7637
ricoh_theta_v/image01.jpg            0.5780  0.8370  0.9018
ricoh_theta_v/image02.jpg            0.4117  0.6687  0.9182
ricoh_theta_v/image03.jpg            1.2324  1.5759  1.7912
ricoh_theta_v/image04.jpg            0.4108  0.7437  0.9320
ricoh_theta_v/image05.jpg            0.3520  0.5187  0.6814
ricoh_theta_v/image06.jpg            1.3371  1.8452  2.4598
ricoh_theta_v/image07.jpg            1.1426  1.4566  1.7578
ricoh_theta_v/image08.jpg            0.9048  1.5641  1.8073
ricoh_theta_v/image09.jpg            0.6866  1.0857  1.2120
ricoh_theta_v/image10.jpg            0.7252  1.3311  1.6123
ricoh_theta_v/image11.jpg            1.1411  1.5657  2.5029
ricoh_theta_v/image12.jpg            0.6321  0.8334  1.2304
ricoh_theta_v/image13.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image14.jpg            1.1941  2.5269  3.1124
ricoh_theta_v/image15.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image16.jpg            0.9250  1.4098  1.5996
ricoh_theta_v/image17.jpg            0.9561  1.6123  2.0818
ricoh_theta_v/image18.jpg            1.8687  2.2819  2.4531
ricoh_theta_v/image19.jpg            1.8570  3.0821  3.3756
ricoh_theta_v/image20.jpg            1.8712  2.6116  3.0661
ricoh_theta_v/image21.jpg            1.3517  2.8687  3.2009
ricoh_theta_v/image22.jpg            0.4029  0.7790  1.0365
ricoh_theta_v/image23.jpg            1.2865  1.8132  2.0028
ricoh_theta_v/image24.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image25.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image26.jpg            1.6677  2.6329  3.0064
ricoh_theta_v/image27.jpg            1.9178  2.8407  3.2269
ricoh_theta_v/image28.jpg            1.3295  4.3587  5.6215
ricoh_theta_v/image29.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image30.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image31.jpg            1.3950  2.2025  2.3401
ricoh_theta_v/image32.jpg            0.3596  1.9526  2.2966
ricoh_theta_v/image33.jpg            0.9965  1.3729  1.5137
ricoh_theta_v/image34.jpg            1.2091  1.6913  2.0231
ricoh_theta_v/image35.jpg            1.7334  2.1986  2.6005
ricoh_theta_v/image36.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image37.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image38.jpg            2.1404  3.2125  3.3051
ricoh_theta_v/image39.jpg            0.5669  0.8661  1.1979
ricoh_theta_v/image40.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image41.jpg            1.0653  1.9889  2.1060
ricoh_theta_v/image42.jpg            1.7561  2.4541  2.8178
ricoh_theta_v/image43.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image44.jpg            detection_failed
ricoh_theta_v/image45.jpg            detection_failed
rotation_flat/image01.jpg            0.1882  0.4287  0.5318
rotation_flat/image02.jpg            0.2720  0.4078  0.4755
rotation_flat/image03.jpg            0.2917  0.4850  0.7074
rotation_flat/image04.jpg            0.2850  0.4096  0.5358
rotation_flat/image05.jpg            0.3701  0.5895  0.7083
rotation_flat/image06.jpg            0.3934  0.6377  0.7130
rotation_flat/image07.jpg            0.2615  0.4354  0.4759
rotation_flat/image08.jpg            0.2619  0.5151  0.8499
rotation_flat/image09.jpg            0.3344  0.5680  0.7556
rotation_flat/image10.jpg            0.3689  0.5075  0.9082
rotation_flat/image11.jpg            0.2910  0.5020  0.5958
rotation_flat/image12.jpg            0.2732  0.4277  0.6090
rotation_vertical/image01.jpg        0.2864  0.5268  0.6187
rotation_vertical/image02.jpg        0.2581  0.4009  0.4714
rotation_vertical/image03.jpg        0.3001  0.5262  0.7271
rotation_vertical/image04.jpg        0.2536  0.4778  0.5551
rotation_vertical/image05.jpg        0.2924  0.4511  0.5641
rotation_vertical/image06.jpg        0.1845  0.2884  0.3419
rotation_vertical/image07.jpg        0.2509  0.4489  0.6880
shadow/image01.png                   0.2145  0.3164  0.3884
shadow/image02.png                   0.2082  0.3905  0.4905
shadow/image03.png                   0.1952  0.3390  0.4380
shadow/image04.png                   0.2553  0.3605  0.4627
shadow/image05.png                   0.2355  0.3797  0.6061
shadow/image06.png                   0.2903  0.4454  0.5515
shadow/image07.png                   0.2474  0.3479  0.5287
shadow/image08.png                   0.2820  0.3320  0.4451
shadow/image09.png                   0.2562  0.4458  0.6596
shadow/image10.png                   detection_failed
shadow/image11.png                   0.2283  0.4016  0.4791
shadow/image12.png                   0.1283  0.3410  0.4587
shadow/image13.png                   0.2168  0.3175  0.4165
shadow/image14.png                   0.1278  0.2423  0.3239
shadow/image15.png                   0.2024  0.4562  0.5503
sloppy13x10/image00.jpg              0.3418  0.6817  0.9373
sloppy13x10/image01.jpg              0.3880  0.7523  1.0864
sloppy13x10/image02.jpg              0.3524  0.7744  1.8682
sloppy13x10/image03.jpg              0.5394  1.1007  1.7057
sloppy13x10/image04.jpg              0.8525  1.7282  2.0617
sloppy13x10/image05.jpg              0.8717  1.7256  2.0616
sloppy13x10/image06.jpg              0.7494  1.5137  2.0538
sloppy13x10/image07.jpg              0.2923  0.6426  0.8075
sloppy13x10/image08.jpg              0.3636  0.6937  0.9983
sloppy13x10/image09.jpg              0.2931  0.6121  0.8007
sloppy13x10/image10.jpg              0.3548  0.7631  1.1554
sloppy13x10/image11.jpg              0.3724  0.9075  1.9538
sloppy13x10/image12.jpg              0.4937  1.0126  1.6634
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame01.jpg            0.3054  0.6117  0.6985
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame02.jpg            0.3268  0.5662  0.6440
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame03.jpg            0.3708  0.6178  0.6521
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame04.jpg            0.3437  0.6214  0.7090
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame05.jpg            0.2824  0.5956  0.7275
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame06.jpg            0.3318  0.5668  0.6512
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame07.jpg            0.3172  0.4707  0.7656
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame08.jpg            0.3022  0.4876  0.6092
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame09.jpg            0.3458  0.5642  0.6826
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame10.jpg            0.2708  0.4832  0.5301
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame11.jpg            0.4013  0.6816  0.8528
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame12.jpg            0.3232  0.5841  0.6307
Sony_DSC-HX5V/frame13.jpg            0.3000  0.5377  0.8228
stefano_2012/Left1.jpg               0.2589  0.5076  0.8295
stefano_2012/Left10.jpg              0.2284  0.4741  0.6962
stefano_2012/Left11.jpg              detection_failed
stefano_2012/Left12.jpg              0.2433  0.4855  0.7844
stefano_2012/Left13.jpg              0.1800  0.3123  0.5139
stefano_2012/Left14.jpg              0.2169  0.4311  0.5678
stefano_2012/Left15.jpg              0.2316  0.4453  0.5672
stefano_2012/Left2.jpg               0.2282  0.4621  0.6207
stefano_2012/Left3.jpg               detection_failed
stefano_2012/Left4.jpg               0.1877  0.3638  0.5931
stefano_2012/Left5.jpg               0.1958  0.3816  0.4675
stefano_2012/Left6.jpg               0.1927  0.3511  0.4767
stefano_2012/Left7.jpg               0.2059  0.3998  0.5408
stefano_2012/Left8.jpg               detection_failed
stefano_2012/Left9.jpg               detection_failed
stefano_2012/Right1.jpg              0.2407  0.5049  0.7303
stefano_2012/Right10.jpg             detection_failed
stefano_2012/Right11.jpg             detection_failed
stefano_2012/Right12.jpg             0.2092  0.4221  0.7096
stefano_2012/Right13.jpg             0.1853  0.3775  0.4762
stefano_2012/Right14.jpg             0.2006  0.4487  0.5635
stefano_2012/Right15.jpg             0.1707  0.3397  0.5455
stefano_2012/Right2.jpg              0.2686  0.5673  0.8672
stefano_2012/Right3.jpg              0.2379  0.5725  1.4710
stefano_2012/Right4.jpg              detection_failed
stefano_2012/Right5.jpg              0.2132  0.3969  0.5310
stefano_2012/Right6.jpg              0.2030  0.4299  0.5344
stefano_2012/Right7.jpg              0.1762  0.3775  0.5223
stefano_2012/Right8.jpg              detection_failed
stefano_2012/Right9.jpg              detection_failed
Bumblebee2_Chess/left01.jpg          0.2835  0.4402  0.5046
Bumblebee2_Chess/left02.jpg          0.3290  0.5065  0.5163
Bumblebee2_Chess/left03.jpg          0.2130  0.3796  0.5050
Bumblebee2_Chess/left04.jpg          0.2174  0.5463  0.5817
Bumblebee2_Chess/left05.jpg          0.2117  0.3451  0.4696
Bumblebee2_Chess/left06.jpg          0.2566  0.4478  0.5392
Bumblebee2_Chess/left07.jpg          0.2961  0.4757  0.5411
Bumblebee2_Chess/left08.jpg          0.2425  0.4336  0.4896
Bumblebee2_Chess/left09.jpg          0.2553  0.5342  0.6628
Bumblebee2_Chess/left10.jpg          0.2404  0.3984  0.5136
Bumblebee2_Chess/left11.jpg          0.2513  0.4090  0.4427
Bumblebee2_Chess/right01.jpg         0.3244  0.5541  0.6027
Bumblebee2_Chess/right02.jpg         0.2764  0.5532  0.7285
Bumblebee2_Chess/right03.jpg         0.4011  0.6536  0.7411
Bumblebee2_Chess/right04.jpg         0.3145  0.5173  0.7208
Bumblebee2_Chess/right05.jpg         0.3023  0.5064  0.5602
Bumblebee2_Chess/right06.jpg         0.3392  0.4122  0.5168
Bumblebee2_Chess/right07.jpg         0.3453  0.6201  0.8804
Bumblebee2_Chess/right08.jpg         0.2694  0.3655  0.4743
Bumblebee2_Chess/right09.jpg         0.3375  0.4319  0.5253
Bumblebee2_Chess/right10.jpg         0.2584  0.4720  0.4910
Bumblebee2_Chess/right11.jpg         0.3112  0.4991  0.6621

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

border                              Errors{ 50%  0.268 , 95%  0.740 , MAX  1.494 }, Success : 13 / 16
caltech_edges                       Errors{ 50%    NaN , 95%    NaN , MAX    NaN }, Success :  0 / 20
challenge                           Errors{ 50%    NaN , 95%    NaN , MAX    NaN }, Success :  0 / 85
close                               Errors{ 50%  0.436 , 95%  0.911 , MAX  1.357 }, Success : 12 / 12
deltille_fisheye                    Errors{ 50%  0.272 , 95%  0.560 , MAX  0.961 }, Success :  5 / 58
distance_angle                      Errors{ 50%  0.207 , 95%  0.463 , MAX  0.629 }, Success :  5 /  6
distance_straight                   Errors{ 50%  0.199 , 95%  0.452 , MAX  0.622 }, Success :  8 /  8
distant                             Errors{ 50%  0.205 , 95%  0.430 , MAX  1.017 }, Success :  7 /  7
focus                               Errors{ 50%  0.363 , 95%  1.231 , MAX  3.082 }, Success : 27 / 36
focus_large                         Errors{ 50%  1.024 , 95%  3.652 , MAX  6.865 }, Success :  7 / 16
gaus_fisheye                        Errors{ 50%  0.605 , 95%  0.924 , MAX  1.075 }, Success :  1 / 12
gaus_perfect                        Errors{ 50%  0.034 , 95%  0.452 , MAX  0.968 }, Success :  7 / 12
hard                                Errors{ 50%  0.206 , 95%  0.402 , MAX  0.459 }, Success :  1 /  1
large                               Errors{ 50%  0.285 , 95%  0.716 , MAX  1.301 }, Success :  6 /  6
large_shadow                        Errors{ 50%  0.340 , 95%  0.758 , MAX  0.882 }, Success :  1 / 23
motion_blur                         Errors{ 50%  0.443 , 95%  1.253 , MAX  1.991 }, Success : 10 / 38
ocam_fisheye190                     Errors{ 50%  0.303 , 95%  0.671 , MAX  0.860 }, Success :  2 /  8
ocam_kaidan_omni                    Errors{ 50%    NaN , 95%    NaN , MAX    NaN }, Success :  0 / 17
ocam_ladybug                        Errors{ 50%  0.424 , 95%  0.838 , MAX  1.292 }, Success :  6 / 13
ocam_mini_omni                      Errors{ 50%  0.329 , 95%  0.640 , MAX  3.073 }, Success :  5 / 15
ocam_omni                           Errors{ 50%    NaN , 95%    NaN , MAX    NaN }, Success :  0 / 14
perfect                             Errors{ 50%  0.000 , 95%  0.000 , MAX  0.000 }, Success :  4 /  8
ricoh_theta_5                       Errors{ 50%  0.467 , 95%  1.163 , MAX  1.765 }, Success : 10 / 11
ricoh_theta_v                       Errors{ 50%  0.970 , 95%  2.512 , MAX  5.622 }, Success : 34 / 46
rotation_flat                       Errors{ 50%  0.282 , 95%  0.568 , MAX  0.908 }, Success : 12 / 12
rotation_vertical                   Errors{ 50%  0.242 , 95%  0.526 , MAX  0.727 }, Success :  7 /  7
shadow                              Errors{ 50%  0.216 , 95%  0.445 , MAX  0.660 }, Success : 14 / 15
sloppy13x10                         Errors{ 50%  0.417 , 95%  1.238 , MAX  2.062 }, Success : 13 / 13
Sony_DSC-HX5V                       Errors{ 50%  0.313 , 95%  0.632 , MAX  0.853 }, Success : 13 / 13
stefano_2012                        Errors{ 50%  0.208 , 95%  0.458 , MAX  1.471 }, Success : 21 / 30
Bumblebee2_Chess                    Errors{ 50%  0.273 , 95%  0.539 , MAX  0.880 }, Success : 22 / 22

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Summary                             Errors{ 50%  0.284 , 95%  1.279 , MAX  6.865 }, Success : 273 / 600
